# NealFunStuff (NEAL.FUN Stuff)

This project is basically just a copy of [neal.fun](https://neal.fun/), but I'm making it with React, and I won't make nearly as much as Neal made (I mean, I'm not recreating Infinite Craft!).

The homepage looks a good enough deal like Neal's, to the point where you can see I stole his images. Don't worry, I'll eventually create my own images though.

### Progress
This is the only page that existed **IN THE FIRST WEEK**. It is similar to [neal.fun/progress/](https://neal.fun/progress/), but with less stuff, and a couple things I added. I have the simple next minute, next hour, next day, next month, next year, next decade, and next century. But beyond that, I ignored _most_ of the things Neal had and just added my birthday (October 14), the time when @Olive is going to review my project from LAST WEEK (the end of Siege probably... 🤔), and the time when @Olive is going to give me my COINS for my project from last week (in 999900000000000000000000000 milliseconds according to my code).

### Speed, Paper, and Life Checklist (UPDATES FOR SECOND WEEK!!)
These pages were added **IN THE SECOND WEEK (CURRENT WEEK)**. Most pages are nearly identical to their corresponding page in this list: [neal.fun/speed/](https://neal.fun/speed), [neal.fun/paper/](https://neal.fun/paper), and [neal.fun/life-checklist/](https://neal.fun/life-checklist/). But they mostly have less stuff. The speed page has a list of distances traveled depending on different frames of reference (tectonic plates, earth, the sun, Vega, the Milky Way, Andromeda, arbitrary location, and edge of observable universe), before finally thinking about the fact that you can be your own frame of reference, and so you are not moving. The paper page is REALLY similar to that of neal.fun, and is basically just consists of stolen images of various items as compared to paper folded some number of times, as well as a small caption and the number of folds. The life checklist page was made in a rush, and is therefore almost EXACTLY the same as Neal's, except that it doesn't save your checks. You also can't uncheck "Be born," because you were!

### Everything Else by Neal (Baby Map, Spend Bill Gates's Money, Draw Logos From Memory, Where does the day go?, Who Was Alive?, Dark Patterns, Share this page, The Size of Space, The Deep Sea, Life Stats, Printing Money, The Auction Game, Universe Forecast, SELL SELL SELL!, Rocks, Ambient Chaos, Let's Settle This, EARTH Reviews, Absurd Trolley Problems, Draw a Perfect Circle, Asteroid Launcher, Space Elevator, The Password Game, Internet Artifacts, Infinite Craft, Stimulation Clicker, and Internet Roadtrip)
Most of these I am planning not to make at all. However, a few of these I'll eventually add to my list of "Coming Soon," and then make them. A few of these (Infinite Craft and Internet Roadtrip) require database or are multiplayer (require a server). Therefore, these are a couple that I almost certainly won't make.